What is Achieve? 

In it's SVP, Achieve's goal is to help people achieve their dreams, wishes and
all the things they never succeded to achieve themselves.

Achieve aims to do so by offering the following tools:

- People around you are constantly sharing achievements they did, with an
  explained description about their struggles in the road to achieving it, and
  how did they manage to overcome them.
- Every user can share a goal that he wants to achieve, and by doing so he
  commits to doing it. Now, he needs to update on the stages he is doing
  towards that achievement.
- Other users that explore the app are able to watch goals of people they
  don't know. When they see a goal, they can contribute to that goal by
  offering their knowledge and adding the next step the user should do.
- Every user should have a way to see all of his achievements, as a past
  reference to what he already succeded to do, as an inspiration source.
- When creating a new achievement a user should be able to distinguish between
  goals and achievements that he already completed. In the dashboard those two
  should sit in different panels - Goals and Completed Achievements.
- Exploring should show the user achievements/goals by his recent searches and
  intrest points.

Pages and functionallity:
1. Home page:
  Should see recent changes to goals you are watching and trending achievements
  that are corrasponding to the genres the user likes.
  The user should also see 3~5 of his open goals and have a quick way to update
  them.
  Also, should have a quick way to add new goal/achievement.
2. Dashboard:
  Should be able to create new Achievement, new Goal and to view all the past
  achievements/goals.
  Also, should be able to add new or update stages to existing goals.
3. Explore:
  Here, the user should get inspired to try and achieve new things.
  He should be able to see top goals/achievements splitted by genres.
  Should have very nice visuals to lure the user to try and achieve something
  new.
  I want the user to have the option to 'clone' achievements and 'fork' goals.

Models:
1. User: Name, Password, Email.
2. Goal: Title, Description, Image, Stages(title, date, desc), Genre
3. Achievement: Title, Description, Image, Stages(title, date, desc), Genre,
Completion Date
4. Genres: Name

TO DO LIST:
1. Create authentication system
2. Create add achievement and add goal components - fully functioning
3. Complete dashboard page
